Fixes #7189 - Updates Wait-Job (#7192)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs: reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/Wait-Job.md

## DESCRIPTION

> The `Wait-Job` cmdlet waits for a job to be in a terminating state before it displays the command
> prompt. The terminating states are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Wait-Job` cmdlet waits for a job to be in a terminating state before continuing execution.
The terminating states are:
```

Author: My vscode crashed right after our conversation and lost this change for some reason. this was originally corrected. Thanks for the check.
